Address improvements. (#2526)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/login/oidc-request-object.md

{!fragments/encrypt-id-tokens.md!}

## Configure claims

1. Add two new external claims as follows for the `http://wso2.org/oidc/claim` dialect. For detailed instructions on how 
   to add a new claim mapping to a claim dialect, see [Adding Claim Mapping](../../../guides/dialects/add-claim-mapping). 
             
    ![external-claim-1](../../assets/img/guides/oidc-external-claim-1.png)
   
    ![external-claim-2](../../assets/img/guides/oidc-external-claim-2.png)
   
    !!! note
            Here, `customClaim1` and`customClaim2` are selected as claim

>             URIs because those are not configured as requested claims in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            URIs because they are not configured as requested claims in the
```

            OIDC scope. For the purpose of testing, these claims are mapped

>             to existing `http://wso2.org/claims/challengeQuestion1` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            to the existing `http://wso2.org/claims/challengeQuestion1` and
```

            `http://wso2.org/claims/challengeQuestion2` local claims. If

>             necessary you can create two new local claims for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            required, you can create two new local claims for this purpose.
```

> 2.  When you add the claims, be sure to select **Support by default** if you want the the claims to prompt during user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  While adding claims, if you want the the claims to prompt during user registration, make sure you select **Support by default** 
```

    registration. Follow the steps below to set **Challenge Question1** and **Challenge Question2** to prompt during user
    registration:

>     1.  On the management console, click **List** under **Claims**. This displays the Claims screen with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  On the management console, click **List** under **Claims**. This displays the **Claims** screen with the 
```

    -   `                             http://wso2.org/claims/emailaddress                                         `

    !!! tip
        	If a user has already consented once to the requested
        	claims that are configured on the service provider, any further
        	changes/additions to the requested claims will not apply. If you
        	are facing this issue, do one of the following.
        	<ul>
        	<li>Mark the claims given above as **Mandatory Claims**. This
        		will ensure that the user will be prompted once again to
        		provide consent for the newly added/changed claims.
        		</li>
        	<li>Log in to my account, revoke the consent receipt
        		for the application, and then attempt to log in to the
        		application again. Now you will be prompted to provide
        		consent for all requested claims, including the newly
        		added/changed claims. For more information on
        		revoking/accepting user consent, see [Consent management](../../../guides/my-account/my-account/#consent-management).
            </li>
            </ul>
            
4.  Click **Update**.

> 5.  Create a new user with the name , and enter values for the **Email**, **Country**, **Challenge Question1** as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Create a new user with the name, and enter values for the **Email**, **Country**, **Challenge Question1** as
```

>     well as **Challenge Question 2** in the user profile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    , and **Challenge Question 2** in the user profile. 
```
